Query 11
List of all Publications at the conference ECHT:
Scenario-Based Hypermedia: A Model and a System.
PHIDIAS: Integrating CAD Graphics into Dynamic Hypertext.
Inside Macintosh as Hypertext.
Assessing the Quality of Hypertext Documents.
What's Specific about User-Interfaces for Hypertext Systems? (Panel).
An Integrated Approach of Knowledge Acquisition by the Hypertext System CONCORDE.
SaTellite: Hypermedia Navigation by Affinity.
A Logical Query Language for Hypertext Systems.
Hypertext from the Data Point of View: Paths and Links in the Perseus Project.
Hyperindices: A Novel Aid for Searching in Hypermedia.
Hypertext and Information Retrieval: What are the Fundamental Concepts? (Panel).
The Toolkit Approach to Hypermedia.
Interactive Text Processing by Inexperienced (Hyper-) Readers.
Strategic Issues in European Hypertext Research and Development (Panel).
Hierarchy, Composition, Scripting Languages, and Translators for Structured Hypertext.
Links and Structures in Hypertext Databases for Law.
HyperBase: A Hypermedia Engine Based on a Relational Database Management System.
MICROCOSM: An Open Model for Hypermedia with Dynamic Linking.
Towards an Aesthetics of Hypertext Systems. A Semiotic Approach.
How Should Hypermedia Authoring Systems for Computer Aided Instruction Look Like? (Panel).
Author's Argumentation Assistant (AAA): A Hypertext-Based Authoring Tool for Argumentative Texts.
The Advantages of Hypertext for Large Information Spaces; Where Are the Big Systems? (Panel).
Hypertext and Electronic Publishing (Panel).
Non-Intrusive Hypertext Anchors and Individual Colour Markings.
An Apprentice That Discovers Hypertext Links.
Browsing in Hyperdocuments with the Assistance of a Neural Network.
A Model for Hypertext-Based Information Retrieval.
Building Hypertext on a Multimedia Toolkit: An Overview of Andrew Toolkit Hypermedia Facilities.
A Hypertext Model Supporting Query Mechanisms.
Linking Considered Harmful.
Intelligent Hypertext for Normative Knowledge in Engineering.
