Query 13
List of 36 in proceeding(s) where Adi Shamir was listed as last author.
A T S^2 = O(2^n) Time/Space Tradeoff for Certain NP-Complete Problems
An Optimal Sorting Algorithm for Mesh Connected Computers
An Efficient Identification Scheme Based on Permuted Kernels (Extended Abstract).
Zero Knowledge Proofs of Knowledge in Two Rounds.
On Dice and Coins: Models of Computation for Random Generation.
Efficient Signature Schemes Based on Polynomial Equations.
An Efficient Signature Scheme Based on Quadratic Equations
On the Cryptographic Security of Single RSA Bits
Identity-Based Cryptosystems and Signature Schemes.
Shear Sort: A True Two-Dimensional Sorting Techniques for VLSI Networks.
A Polynomial Time Algorithm for Breaking the Basic Merkle-Hellman Cryptosystem
On the Power of Commutativity in Cryptography.
IP=PSPACE
Publicly Verifiable Non-Interactive Zero-Knowledge Proofs.
Multiple Non-Interactive Zero Knowledge Proofs Based on a Single Random String (Extended Abstract)
Efficient Factoring Based on Partial Information.
An Improvement of the Fiat-Shamir Identification and Signature Scheme.
On the Generation of Cryptographically Strong Pseudo-Random Sequences.
A Video Scrambling Technique Based On Space Filling Curves.
On the Complexity of Timetable and Multi-Commodity Flow Problems
The Cryptographic Security of Compact Knapsacks (Preliminary Report).
The Generation of Cryptographically Strong Pseudo-Random Sequences.
The Optimal Fixedpoint of Recursive Programs
How to Reuse a "Write-Once" Memory (Preliminary Version).
On the Security of Ping-Pong Protocols when Implemented using the RSA.
The Discrete Log is Very Discreet
Multi-Oracle Interactive Protocols with Space Bounded Verifiers.
Zero Knowledge Proofs of Identity
Witness Indistinguishable and Witness Hiding Protocols
Differential Cryptanalysis of DES-like Cryptosystems.
On the Cryptocomplexity of Knapsack Systems
A Polynomial Time Algorithm for Breaking the Basic Merkle-Hellman Cryptosystem.
Polymorphic Arrays: A Novel VLSI Layout for Systolic Computers
How to Prove Yourself: Practical Solutions to Identification and Signature Problems.
On the Security of DES.
The Cryptographic Security of Truncated Linearly Related Variables
